hey people welcome to one
new video on the game with me channel
we are boxing with a new one for
you start by playboy cover
the cross-bagger and opa one of the rx
he of course we already know
but before I go to the unboxing now
and look here respond even a
few advance information for you and although know
her plate is a brand of hasbro and
what we at the playboy de garrigues
products so noticed
that here is tom katag and friends
I have not explained yet
or tells tonka that was one
toy manufacturer from the usa here
he is not as well known who was in the
90s from hasbro bought the beginning
the 90s sometime and tonga the
we specialize in the construction of eg
trucks and construction machinery as toys and
hasbro of course uses now
these toys or at this brand
and builds so to say yes construction of the
tangible here is for example one
construction machine and sets here for example
the lettering lettering sick on
that just as a short info for you of the
Furthermore, it is not suitable toys
for children under three years we
first on tampa a jumper in one
cool green here is something else on what
blue is behind the eyes that would come
maybe ever again at dgx
what shape that too here again
For example, at buna we know that
fire truck there it is and so
even with the other playlogic
This is always so behind toys
a form hides the eyes, so to speak
is there we'll have a look and
as a special feature of course in this
set the grabber is of course the
attacks how that works we see here
press on it
there is the little touch when we
Release automatically goes again
says again really press on it
then the greif poor and
automatically back to what we mean
you can do that for example
Here , for example, a wall will be here
and with the little hand we can do the
single years stones so to speak gone
transport or we can also do that
destroyed wall
no idea that we see then in
next video like that goes for example
we can find more in this
playing here for example two
cans which I think are relative
are not typical for the gigs because not
in the cinemas but because of the size like
are already a bit bigger mostly
at the mavericks or at
the smaller are the geeks toys
we also find only smaller knees
cans here in the standard size
Let's look back at the page
there will be a few more information
given as we because this toy
you can use them here and they really
Very funny from here with the help of
jumper we can then also the wall like that
to say yes shape and I would say
we'll pack some now
we also have jumpers in the
in the meantime freed from castro
not to the field and what general
I'll pack that packs briefly
the side so here we jogger times
can investigate properly yes as I said
very big here too the moving one
I find the handles very good
but we can play music box here, so to speak
really really cool or toss around
also grab here
very cool and then as I said here the
special feature in the mavericks see what
we here could speak as one
pylone be or what else what does
you what is your opinion on what that
could be here could be writes
that in the comments
I'm curious
here again as I said the
Special feature at the garics always behind
a form, so to speak, for the eyes
hides something very cool here too
he can even horst and can be used to
example, move everything here
as I said you can also take out
very cool here then for our wall there
For example, let's see if we can do that
spine a bit
Of course you do not see it
the house comes, so to speak, and here
of course, a vacancy for the
He also feels very cool about the ride
It could almost be a sports car
his
very nice now, of course, ours
knead cans or our play dough
Of course we also open it ourselves
see here what our wall
the brown kneading
very cool the typical playbook smell
I really like it
yes ok klose 1 or the first kneading like
said a lot we will too
completely consume and then here the
second dose
It looks really cool with it
if we can sparkle for now
get out of here
which should be actually possible
Yes, you can see a cool one here
glitter effect really really cool
I hope you can see it looks very
very cool from very chic on the fingers
also remains a bit of glitter on it
But it is not so bad and typical
play doh feeling kneading feeling one notices
you have play doh kneeling ok in your hand
all clear that the second klose and that
was the unboxing dredge theme in
the next one will follow from this one
Of course, the demo build toys here
here the wall is together and you are
me what this is and I would say
See you next time
jumper I'm so happy